# App::gh

## SYNOPSIS


    show help message;

        $ gh help

## COMMANDS

### recent

get github recent activities.

    $ gh recent 

### list:

list all repository of c9s:

    $ gh list c9s

if you want text wrapped:

    $ WRAP=1 gh list c9s

### clone

clone Plack repository from miyagawa:

    $ gh clone miyagawa/Plack   # default: read-only 

or:

    $ gh clone miyagawa Plack

    $ gh clone gugod Social --http

    $ gh clone gugod Social --https

    $ gh clone clkao Web-Hippie --ro

clone from read-only uri:

    $ gh clone miyagawa/Plack --ro 

clone from ssh uri:

    $ gh clone miyagawa/Plack --ssh  

### search

search repository:

    $ gh search Plack

### all

to clone all repository of miyagawa:

    $ gh all miyagawa 

    $ gh all facebook --into facebook

    $ gh all perl6 --into perl6-stuff

    $ gh all perl6 --into perl6-stuff --prompt 

    $ gh all perl6 --into perl6-stuff --verbose --prompt 

    $ gh all clkao --ro  # read-only

### update

run (pull/push) repository changes from/to remotes, and `git remote update --prune`

    $ gh update

### fork

to fork project:

    $ gh fork clkao AnyMQ

to fork current project:

    $ cd clkao/AnyMQ
    $ gh fork

### network

to show fork network:

    $ cd App-gh/
    $ gh network
        c9s/App-gh - watchers(4) forks(1)
      gugod/App-gh - watchers(1) forks(0)


### pull

Pull command behavior

    - Merge from fork repository if --merge option is specified.
    - Create a branch from fork/master (default branch master) for fork.
    - Checkout the branch fork/master (default branch master).
    - Pull changes from fork repository to the branch

first , switch path to your repository:

    $ cd App-gh/

to merge gugod/master to local/master branch

    $ gh pull gugod

to merge gugod/feature1 to local/feature1 

    $ gh pull gugod feature1

to merge gugod/feature1 to local/master 

    $ gh pull gugod feature1


## INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

    # Makefile.PL needs this
    cpan Module::Install::AuthorTests

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

## DEVELOPMENT

please keep the dependency simple and less.

## SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc App::gh

You can also look for information at:

    RT, CPAN's request tracker
        http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=App-gh

    AnnoCPAN, Annotated CPAN documentation
        http://annocpan.org/dist/App-gh

    CPAN Ratings
        http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/App-gh

    Search CPAN
        http://search.cpan.org/dist/App-gh/


## LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2010 Cornelius

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of either: the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; or the Artistic License.

See http://dev.perl.org/licenses/ for more information.

